# LabyrAInth

## Introduction
This game is the ultimate fusion between virtual reality and artificial intelligence.
It is a VR game and it is based on an artificial intelligence generated labyrinth.
The labyrinth itself is generated by chatgpt4, which provides the player with labyrinths of ever increasing difficulty and complexity.
This game is about exploration, adventure and interaction with the environment.
The experience is enhanced by the use of virtual reality in which the player can interact with the environment by using the controllers.
The player can still play the game on a computer screen, but the experience is not as immersive as in VR.
The game is developed in Unreal Engine v5.3.2 which provides the standard feature of a game with stunning quality.



## The Player POV
LabyrAInth is a VR game focused on exploration, adventure, speed and adaptivity.
You are placed inside a labyrinth and you can collect resources, gear-up and power-up but most importantly you need to find the way out and beat the labyrinth in the shortest amount of time possible.
Every labyrinth is different, every corner you turn you don't know what to expect, traps, bombs, closed paths, enemies, distractions. You will need stamina to be fast and focus to remember the path you already discovered.
While traversing the labyrint you will set a score which will be sent to a global ranking system, to give you your ranking position.
The game is a single player experience, only you can traverse the labyrinth and no help will be given to you, but if you will succeed, you can replay how many time you want. Every time it will be different  evry time you can manage to do better and be faster, and you can challenge your own score or the other player's one to try to beat it.
Indeed, the labyrinth is AI generated and it is different every time the player plays the game.
Moreover, the difficulty increases as the player progresses through the game, every level the labyrinth gets bigger, more menacing and harder to beat, but you will keep all the items you found in the previous labyrinths, so you can also formulates different strategies as you progress through the game.
Do you have what it takes to beat the labyrinth?

## Software Architecture

## Build

